feat(curriculum): add greeting card workshop to cert (#56976)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/25-front-end-development/workshop-greeting-card/67333a3a400b0a3c68854bcc.md

---
id: 67333a3a400b0a3c68854bcc
title: Step 21
challengeType: 0
dashedName: step-21
---

# --description--

> Add to the `.card-links a` selector a `transition` property with a value of `background-color 0.3s ease`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add a `transition` property to the `.card-links a` selector and give it a value of `background-color 0.3s ease`.
```

# --hints--

The `.card-links a` selector should have a `transition` property set to `background-color 0.3s ease`.

```js

> assert.strictEqual(

Reviewer: Same here, not able to pass because the value is `background-color 0.3s`

Reviewer 2: can you check again? I did some changes to the two tests
